# **Bakery Vendor and Order Tracker**

### _Basic Web Applications - Week 10 Project at Epicodus_

#### Author: **_Jessica Hvozdovich_**
#### May 22, 2020

### Description

_The purpose of this project is to create a C# web application that tracks user inputs of vendors and their associated orders for a baking business. It demonstrates the use of Behavior Driven Development and Test Driven Development using C# with the MSTest unit testing framework. The use of the `ASP.NET` Core framework and MVC architecture with RESTful routing principles is also demonstrated._

### Instructions for use:

1. Open Terminal (macOS) or PowerShell (Windows)
2. To download the project directory enter the following commands:
* cd Desktop
* git clone https://github.com/jhvozdovich/bakery-tracker.git
* cd bakery-tracker (or the file name automatically generated by the download)
3. To view the downloaded files, open them in a text editor or IDE of your choice.
* if you have VSCode for example, when your terminal is within the main project directory you can open all of the files with the command:
* code .
4. If you need to install the REPL dotnet script enter the following command in your terminal: 
* dotnet tool install -g dotnet-script
5. To install the necessary dependencies, run the following commands:
* dotnet restore
* dotnet build
* dotnet run

### Known Bugs

No bugs have been identified at the time of this update.

### Support and Contact Information

Please contact me with any suggestions or questions at jhvozdovich@gmail.com. Thank you for your input!  
_Have a bug or an issue with this application? [Open a new issue](https://github.com/jhvozdovich/bakery-tracker/issues) here on GitHub._

### Technologies Used

* C#
* MSTest
* `ASP.NET` Core
* MVC
* Razor
* Git and GitHub

### Specs
| Spec | Input | Output |
| :------------- | :------------- | :------------- |
| **User enters home page** | User Input:"URL: localhost:5000/" | Output: “Welcome Kiki” |
| **User can navigate to a Vendors Page** | User Input:"Click: View Vendors" | Output: “Here are a list of vendors: ” |
| **User can navigate to an Add Vendors Page** | User Input:"Click: Add Vendors" | Output: “Create a new vendor.” |
| **User can fill out the Add Vendors Form** | User Input:"Enter New Vendor Name: Maki" | Output: “New vendor created.” |
| **User can click on Vendors to view their Orders** | User Input:"Click: Maki" | Output: “Orders: Biscuits 10, Croissants 15” |
| **User can navigate to a new Orders page for each Vendor** | User Input:"Click: Maki Click: Add Order" | Output: “Order: \___ Quantity: \___” |
| **User can add a new Order for each Vendor** | User Input:"Order: Baguettes Quantity: 2" | Output: “Biscuits 10, Croissants 15, Baguettes 2” |

### Stretch Goals
* User can see Order details on a separate page (date made, date due, location, cost)
* User can delete individual or all Vendors and Orders
* User can update Vendor or Order details
* Search functionality

#### License

This software is licensed under the MIT license.

Copyright © 2020 **_Jessica Hvozdovich_**